content/post/2021-09-26-richmond_guide.md, before:

---
layout:     post
title:      "Richmond, VA"
subtitle:   "The first city where we confirmed - vanlife is life"
date:       2021-09-26 11:00:00
author:     ": Josh"
image: "img/richmond/scotts_addition_mural.jpeg"
published: true 
tags:
    - Richmond 
    - Travel
categories: 
    - Travel Guides
URL: "/2021/09/26/richmond-visit-2"

---
Scott's Edition is definitely worth the visit alone. The food is good and the beer selection is arguably even better. If you like tattooes you are in luck. Freshly roasted coffee greets you at every turn. Venture over to Maymont and you won't be disapointed.

<!--more-->
![Eating at Mekong Restaurant!](/img/richmond/mekong_restaurant.png)

> Eating various vietnamese delights in the no fuss fast-paced atmosphere - Mekong Restaurant

# Overview
The surroundings have the old industrial rebirth feel about it, new tech start-ups adjacent to classic american tattoo parlors, arcade bars and so many micro breweries you couldn't hit them all in a day if you tried. The neighborhood still has so much growth to achieve, but what's already there is precious. We've only visited 3 times so far, don't have any friends or family currently living there (or ever did) but can't help but get that homesick feeling after not being there for too long. It's just that kind of place.

# Food
Personally, we thought that Mekong definitely lived up to the hype. We got there around 6pm and were STORVING. The beer list is actually quite international, and everything on the menu was absolutely delectable. Deliciousio. Chef's kisses galore.

We love walking around at nightime and seeing the sights and stoooof.

Commit message:

more content to richmond post

content/post/2021-09-26-richmond_guide.md, after:

---
layout:     post
title:      "Richmond, VA"
subtitle:   "The first city where we confirmed - vanlife is life"
date:       2021-09-26 11:00:00
author:     ": Josh"
image: "img/richmond/scotts_addition_mural.jpeg"
published: true 
tags:
    - Richmond 
    - Travel
categories: 
    - Travel Guides
URL: "/2021/09/26/richmond-visit-2"

---
Richmond (and especially Scott's Addition), VA has a special place in our heart. It goes all the way back to February, 2020 when we were still on the fence about the whole vanlife thing... We had strong feelings at this point that it definitely was what we wanted to do, but we hadn't even tried it out yet! So, we decided we'd use [Outdoorsy](https://www.outdoorsy.com/) and try and find a suitable rig that would give us the closest experience to what we expected, to see if this was going to be a reality. Eventually we settled on a little Ram Promaster 2500 that had all the very basics and targeted our 10 year anniversary weekend of being together to take a trip down to South Carolina to visit a friend for a few days who had just recently moved there (shout out to Linnea!). The prospect of getting out of Maryland that was seeing 30 degree temps and also making some cool stops along the way to test out our vanlife "mettle" sounded perfect.

Obviously we were apprehensive about things, asking ourselves questions like "are we really cut out for this?" and even more seriously "how are we gonna poop?". By the time we stopped outside Charlottesville to pick up we felt pretty good. By the time we got to Scott's Edition, we were 100% sold. We knew this was the life for us.


This little neighborhood sitting in Richmond, VA is definitely worth the visit. The atmosphere is very inviting, a little grungy but also full of little secrets and cool surprises. Excellent coffee shops (like Blanchard's) and larger breweries (like Starr Hill) are found every other block. There's an amazing barcade (The Circuit Arcade Bar) for late night fun. If you like tattoos you are in luck (we actually grabbed a little momento ourselves to celebrate our 10 year!). and to top it all off, the whole neighborhood is amazingly walkable and overnight parking is pretty easy to find. Check out the pics below for all the places we visited in (sort of) chronological order (that we actually remembered to take pics for... oops).

<!--more-->

# Veil Brewing

Veil, located right on the outer edge of Scott's Addition, has an awesome outdoor space with awnings and lots of seating. If I remember correctly, there was even a firepit? Parking wasn't too bad, it felt like it was in a pretty industrial type area, but there was a brand-new apartment complex that had been newly erected right across the street practically. The beer selection was more than adequate, and I couldn't resist buying a t-shirt (as you'll definitely see in later pics). They didn't have a food menu when we visited, but they had small snacks and meat/cheese lunchable-type goodies to munch on. 

![Josh and Bryn enjoying Veil](/img/richmond/veil_collage.jpeg)

# Pipeline Overlook

The Pipeline Overlook is such a freaking cool spot. The street art will blow you away, it really should be some sort of urban, outdoor museum. That's FREE! When we were walking through the area, there was even a model shoot happening casually. The industrial vibes are over the top, and the close proximity to the James River adds to the whole experience. Walking on the actual pipeline under the bridge along the river is exhilarating - you feel like you've found something super secret and also can't believe that the city would just let any random person walk along that area. Eventually the pipeline walk ends, literally going straight into the river... definitely don't fall in!

![Pipeline Overlook](/img/richmond/pipeline_overlook_collage.jpeg)

# Tattoos ;) 


# Other Breweries!
There are NO SHORTAGES of breweries in this city, and every single one of them was a great experience. Triple Crossing located in downtown Richmond (left) had a lot of heavy hitter bears, and a really aesthetic logo. Their Falcon Smash IPA is smooth and fruity, a definite to try. Buskey Cider in Scott's Addition (middle) had so many different flavors of cider it was so much fun to get a few flights and compare them all. We sat inside at some bench/table seating and took a little breather - walking around in the neighborhood will wear you out! Finally, there's Ardent Craft Ales (right), also in Scott's Addition, that has a fantastic outdoor space complete with food truck and gated area making it a friendly spot for dogs and drunk hypsters trying to escape its grasp (we loved it). Ironically, we actually did end up sitting inside near the windows. We were there on Valentine's Day evening and they had a pop-up chocolate stand inside. Absolutely divine I tell you. That night we were parked 100 footsteps away on the street so it was a sinch to get back "home" and tuck in for the night. Honorable mentionables include Star Hill brewing and The Answer Brewpub. No pictures of these places unfortunately, but both are JUST as good as the rest and will not disappoint.

![Pipeline Overlook](/img/richmond/scotts_edition_breweries_collage.jpeg)

![Eating at Mekong Restaurant!](/img/richmond/mekong_restaurant.png)

> Eating various vietnamese delights in the no fuss fast-paced atmosphere - Mekong Restaurant

# Overview
The surroundings have the old industrial rebirth feel about it, new tech start-ups adjacent to classic american tattoo parlors, arcade bars and so many micro breweries you couldn't hit them all in a day if you tried. The neighborhood still has so much growth to achieve, but what's already there is precious. We've only visited 3 times so far, don't have any friends or family currently living there (or ever did) but can't help but get that homesick feeling after not being there for too long. It's just that kind of place.

# Food
Personally, we thought that Mekong definitely lived up to the hype. We got there around 6pm and were STORVING. The beer list is actually quite international, and everything on the menu was absolutely delectable. Deliciousio. Chef's kisses galore.

We love walking around at nightime and seeing the sights and stoooof.
